h1. Edgar

Merci Edgar is a CRM dedicated to artists (musicians, actors...)

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0
* Rails version 3.2.13

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.


h2. Development

* Template Engine: Haml
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Background processing : Sidekiq

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Mandrill account.

h2. Getting Started

1. Copy config/application.yml.example to config/application.yml and customize it with your credentials for:
  * mandrill
  * amazon S3
  * mailchimp
  * rollbar (for production)

2. Create the postgresql user and dev database both named  @merciedgar@
If you are on ArchLinux you will "find some help here": https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/PostgreSQL.

3. Install dependencies with @bundle install@ and run migrations with @rake db:migrate@

If you meet an error installing the gem 'capybara-webkit', "try this solution, depending on your OS :" https://github.com/thoughtbot/capybara-webkit/wiki/Installing-Qt-and-compiling-capybara-webkit.

4. Open 3 different terminals and launch
  * a redis server with @redis-server@ ("find some help here:" http://redis.io/topics/quickstart)
  * a sidekiq worker with @sidekiq@ : @bundle exec sidekiq@ ("find some help here:" http://sidekiq.org/)
  * a @rails server@ : @rails s@

Open a browser on "http://www.lvh.me:3000":http://www.lvh.me:3000

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation.
More documentation will come soon.

To generate db Schema, you can use ERD:

`bundle exec erd --inheritance --direct --attributes=foreign_keys,content`

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.


h2. Credits

See CREDITS.txt file

h2. License

See LICENSE.txt file
